Thank you for using WeMart! These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your use of the WeMart services, including WeMart’s website, WeMart’s mobile applications, and any websites (or portions thereof) or mobile applications that are operated by WeMart (collectively, the “Services”), and are entered into by you and Maplebear Inc. (d/b/a WeMart), a Delaware corporation (“WeMart”).

By using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and acknowledge and agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with WeMart’s Privacy Policy.

The Services comprise a platform that presents you with a set of one or more retailer virtual storefronts from which you can select goods for picking, packing, and delivery by individual personal shoppers (“Personal Shoppers”) to your location or, if available, for you to pick up in-store. Picking, packing, or delivery services may be performed by third parties including a retailer or third party logistics provider (collectively, “Third Party Providers”).

Delivery may be conducted by each individual Personal Shopper’s select method of transportation. You acknowledge that transportation or logistics services are provided by third party independent contractors who are not employed by WeMart.

When you use the Services to place an order for products, you authorize the purchase and delivery of those products from the retailers you select. Unless otherwise specified, you acknowledge and agree that WeMart and the Personal Shopper are acting as your agents in the picking, packing, and/or delivery of goods purchased by you and are not the seller of the goods to you. You agree that your purchase is being made from the retailer you have selected, that retailer is the merchant of record, and that title to any goods passes to you when they are purchased at the applicable retailer’s store. You agree that WeMart or the applicable retailer will obtain a credit card authorization for your credit card on file with WeMart to cover the cost of the goods you have purchased from the retailer and any separate WeMart fees, and your card will be charged for the goods purchased by you and any applicable fees, taxes and/or tips. Your card may be temporarily authorized for an amount greater than the total amount of the purchase appearing in the original check out. This higher authorized amount will be disclosed during the purchase process and is a temporary authorization charge on your order, to deal with situations where your total purchase amount turns out to be higher than the original amount due to special requests, added items, replacement items or weight adjustments.

You also acknowledge and agree that, except as expressly provided for otherwise in these Terms or a separate agreement between you and WeMart, WeMart does not form any employment or agency relationship with you and does not hold title to any goods that you order through the Services.

Unless otherwise indicated, all prices and other amounts are in the currency of the jurisdiction where the delivery takes place.

Occasionally there may be information on the Services that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to pricing, product descriptions, promotions offers, and availability. WeMart reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or refuse or cancel orders if any information on the Services is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order and/or your credit card has been charged). Please note that prices of products on the Services may be different than prices offered for the same products in-store by the same retailer.
