WeMart grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to use the Services for their intended purposes subject to your compliance with these Terms and WeMart’s policies. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the Services. Unless such restriction is prohibited by law or you have WeMart’s written permission, you may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of the Services. You may only access the Services through the interfaces that WeMart provides for that purpose (for example, you may not “scrape” the Services through automated means or “frame” any part of the Services), and you may not interfere or attempt to disrupt the Services.

Some parts of the Services may allow you to upload or submit content (such as text, images, video, recipes, lists, links, and other materials). You retain all rights in any content that you upload or submit, and are solely responsible for that content. You grant WeMart a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licenseable license to use, store, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute any such content for the purposes of operating, providing, and improving the Services. WeMart may, in its sole discretion, remove or take down any content that you upload or submit to the Services for any reason, including violation of these Terms or any other policies.

You may have the option of accessing the Services through downloadable software and this software may update itself automatically on your device. Some software, or portions of software, in the Services may be governed by open source licenses. In that case, WeMart will make such licenses available to you and, in the case of conflict between such a license and these Terms, the open source license will control but only with respect to the software, or portion of the software, to which it applies.

If you are using WeMart on behalf of a business or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have the necessary authority to bind that business or entity to these Terms and that you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of that business or entity.

In order to use the Services, you may need to create a user account. You agree that you are responsible for all conduct and transactions that take place on or using your account and that you will take precautions to keep your password and other account information secure. You also agree that you will comply with all applicable laws when accessing or using the Services and you will respect those who you encounter in your use of the Services, including Personal Shoppers and individuals who support WeMart’s Help Center. WeMart reserves the right to decline orders, refuse partial or full delivery, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at any time in its sole discretion.

We’re constantly modifying and improving the Services. WeMart may introduce new features, change existing features, or remove features from the Services at any time and without notice. If you provide WeMart with any feedback on or comments regarding the Services, you grant WeMart the right to use such feedback or comments for any purpose without restriction or payment to you.

If you have any requests for order cancellations, refunds, or returns, please visit your account to initiate such requests or review our Help Center articles for our policies regarding the same.
